
In any profession - business, politics, education, government - those in power should step down after five years.


看題目 10:10 - 10:11



想點 10:11 - 10:

錢
時間
健康


先想立場：要支持這段話，還是不支持，選一邊站
- if 站到支持那邊: 
    支持的好處：
    不支持的壞處：
- if 站到不支持那邊
    不支持的好處：
    支持的壞處：


[選一邊站：支持]

- 
論點中心：權力
支持的好處：
支持 1. 尤其在政治圈 即使在同一黨派內 仍然會有小黨派，在有限的時間內，會因為領導者的個人領袖特質 而選擇合作，權力集中 好做事
e.g. 台灣的民進黨 DPP (Domestic Progressive Party) Tsai Ing-wen, Su Tseng-chang 是兩個小派系的領導者
據傳言，蘇貞昌曾因為嫉妒蔡總統當上總統，而成為唱反調者 naysayer，造成 DPP 政策推動困難．但當蔡總統展現 charisma，讓 DPP 內部統一 in accordance，權力集中，共同推動政策如
開放進口美國豬肉，因為 covid 疫情 禁止外國人進入台灣 
然而，領導者任期若太久，it is hard to guarantee that President Tsai's charisma will remain politicians in accordance so the power will not be divergent.

不支持的壞處：
反對 1. 權利過多 過久 就會貪污腐敗 Holding great power in such a long time can make people tend to corrupt.

e.g. 陳水扁（Chen Shui bian），the former president of Taiwan, had been in power for eight years, from 2000 to 2008. He was accused of being venal, appropriating for more than 2 million New Taiwan dollar per month when he was in office. And the mentioned above is merely one of the court cases he was accused of.

e.g. 金正恩(Kim Jung Un), the leader of North Korea, has holden the power for more than five years. In his term, even there are so many people die because of hunger for years, it doesn't bother his power or prestige. So even there are something bad happen, it seems that he doesn't have to deal with it, and he doesn't have to concern about people in his country.


論點中心：效率
支持的好處：
支持 2. 有限的任期內 做事會更有效率 專心在為人民做事 並且在時間壓力下 有效率的去執行 完成
e.g. 健保 在短短幾年內 從開始，到完成政策制定 和 全國人民 資料建檔，如今台灣人民能享用這個很好的政策福利 甚至外國人都羨慕

不支持的壞處：
反對 2. 任期久，政府做事效率會下降
e.g. 核四廠 要蓋 又停工 又恢復 等到快完成又停

--


(10:21 - 10:25)
The statement claims that in any profession - business, politics, education, and government - those in power should step down after five years. In my opinion, I agree with the statement especially when it comes to personal power or efficiency to execute policies.
(41 words)


(10:25 - 10:42)
One of the reason relates to the power. When it comes to politics, a leader's charisma still remains potent in a relatively short term (in five years), and it is easier to make politicians in the same party to consent the direction of a policy, so the power is not divergent. For example, for DPP (Domestic Progressive Party), one of the largest political party in Taiwan, there used to be two main cliques in this party, Su Chen-Chang and Tsai En-Weng. It is said that Su was once envy Tsai to be elected as the president of Taiwan, so he was not willing to cooperate with Tsai. But president Tsai, as a leader of Taiwan, she shows her eminent charisma to Su, so that Su is not intractable anymore. They make no more cliques in DPP and thus the policies like importing porks from America, and banning travelers to visit Taiwan during the COVID-19 pandemic are executed more successfully.
(159 words)


(10:42 - 10:48)
However, if a term of a leader is too long, personal power is vicious. It can make people corrupt. For example, Chen Shuain Bian, the former president of Taiwan, took office from 2000 to 2008. In his eight-year term to be the presiedent, he appropriated more than two million dollars per month. And this is only one of the court cases that he was accused of. So if a person has such a great power in a long time, it is hard to stay rectitude.
(85 words)


(10:48 - 10:54)
Another reason relates to efficiency. If the government has only a five-year term, a relatively short term, to be in office, it is likely that they will execute policies under time pressure and thus enhance their efficiency. For example, the Health Care System in Taiwan, which is a very good policy to make people spent less money to go to a doctor. Though it was not easy to make all the systems well-prepared, the policy was planned and implemented in merely a few years due to the efficiency of the goverment.
(91 words)


(10:54 - 10:59)
Nevertheless, if leaders has eight years in their term, which is a relatively long term for a leader's tenure, it can make them do things slowly. For example, the fourth nuclear power plant in Taiwan, has not been built successfully for years because the government has a poor efficiency to execute the policy.
(53 words)


(10:59 - 11:00)
To sum up, I personally agree that those in power should step down after five years.
(16 words)

--


41+159+85+91+53+16 = 445 words
in 40 mins (10:20 - 11:00)

